[815][serverless]AI Assistant 8.15 (#5668)
elastic/security-docs: docs/serverless/AI-for-security/ai-assistant.mdx

        Be sure to specify which language you'd like AI Assistant to use when writing a query. For example: "Can you generate an Event Query Language query to find four failed logins followed by a successful login?"
        </DocCallOut>

<DocCallOut title="Tip">
AI Assistant can remember particular information you tell it to remember. For example, you could tell it: "When anwering any question about srv-win-s1-rsa or an alert that references it, mention that this host is in the New York data center". This will cause it to remember the detail you highlighted.

> </DocCallOut>

Reviewer: The stacked callouts look a little jumbly. Consolidate into a single callout called "Tips"?

<img width="601" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/96a84b3b-8973-4d3d-bd8c-e3e65e3f7b06">

### Anonymization

<DocCallOut title="Required permissions">
To modify Anonymization settings, you need the **Elastic AI Assistant: All** privilege, with **Customize sub-feature privileges** enabled.

> </DocCallOut>

Reviewer: I don't think these kinds of feature privileges are available in serverless yet. Currently privs are controlled solely through [prebuilt user roles](https://www.elastic.co/docs/current/serverless/general/assign-user-roles). (This is likely to change with future enhancements to serverless RBAC but we're not there yet.)

<DocCallOut template="beta" />

> The **Knowledge base** tab of the AI Assistant settings menu allows you to enable AI Assistant to answer questions about the Elastic Search Query Language ((esql)), and about alerts in your environment. To use it, you must <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/ml-requirements" text="enable machine learning"/>,

Reviewer: Need another pair to render as literal parentheses:
```suggestion
The **Knowledge base** tab of the AI Assistant settings menu allows you to enable AI Assistant to answer questions about the Elastic Search Query Language (((esql))), and about alerts in your environment. To use it, you must <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/ml-requirements" text="enable machine learning"/>,
```

When this feature is enabled, AI Assistant can help you write an ((esql)) query for a particular use case, or answer general questions about ((esql)) syntax and usage. To enable AI Assistant to answer questions about ((esql)):

> * Turn on the knowledge base by clicking **Setup**. If you  don't see the **Setup** button, knowledge base is already enabled.

Reviewer: Avoiding ableist language:
```suggestion
* Turn on the knowledge base by clicking **Setup**. If the **Setup** button isn't displayed, knowledge base is already enabled.
```

To enable RAG for alerts:

> * Turn on the knowledge base by clicking **Setup**. If you  don't see the **Setup** button, knowledge base is already enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Turn on the knowledge base by clicking **Setup**. If the **Setup** button isn't displayed, knowledge base is already enabled.
```
